insel buck provides an energy-efficient
window buck by eliminating thermal
bridging it will also reduce jobsite
waste ensel buck is constructed using
foam planks and channels cut to size
along with 4f connectors only standard
construction tools required
cut the insula channel and foam to fit
the rough opening the side legs of the
buck should be cut to the exact rough
opening Heights the top and bottom legs
of the buck should have four inches
added to the rough opening width the
added four inches to top and bottom legs
will compensate for the lap joint that
is formed as a buck is assembled
now that the channels of foam are cut to
proper length simply slide the channel
on to both edges over the phone
plus PAB benzyl bucket is a zero waste
product
cough material can be utilized by
splicing it in during this step
insert f connectors arm to the butt ends
at the top and bottom legs of the
slide side legs into the F connector
then attach the top leg
your 4 sided box is now complete
Square and Brady's bucket by attaching
infiltrate corner bracing in each corner
would corner braces may also be used now
that the pocket is fully assembled and
bracelet is ready for placement in the
wall continue placing required courses
of advantage ICF walk around the buck
next cut the holes in silk to allow
concrete placement under the bucket
remember to keep the remove foam so it
can be reinserted after the concrete
placement the insulated is inserted
through the jams for attachment of doors
and allows additional options for window
placement
windows are attached to insult but
through the nailing flash
you